[Java] copy 'Log CDS Configuration' into observability (#1839)
cap-js/docs: java/operating-applications/observability.md

Spring comes with its own [standard logger groups](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.1.1.RELEASE/reference/html/boot-features-logging.html#boot-features-custom-log-groups). For instance, `web` is useful to track HTTP requests. However, HTTP access logs gathered by the Cloud Foundry platform router are also available in the application log.
:::

#### Log CDS Configuration

> Upon start-up, you can get an overview of the configured CDS properties. Turn on by setting the log level for `com.sap.cds.properties` to `DEBUG` in the _application.yaml_ file:

Reviewer: You could list some key capabilities here:
- lists all accepted cds properties (double-check configuration)
- warns about usage of undocumented properties
- warns about usage of deprecated properties
- secrets are masked

Spring comes with its own [standard logger groups](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.1.1.RELEASE/reference/html/boot-features-logging.html#boot-features-custom-log-groups). For instance, `web` is useful to track HTTP requests. However, HTTP access logs gathered by the Cloud Foundry platform router are also available in the application log.
:::

#### Log CDS Configuration

Upon start-up, you can get an overview of the configured CDS properties. Use this feature to:
- list all accepted CDS properties and double-check the running configuration
- check for warnings of usage of deprecated properties
- check for warnings of usage of undocumented properties

Please note that secrets are masked.

> Turn it on by setting the log level for `com.sap.cds.properties` to `DEBUG` in the _application.yaml_ file:
> 
> ::: code-group
> ```yaml [srv/src/main/resources/application.yaml]
> logging:
>   level:
>     com.sap.cds.properties: DEBUG  # [!code highlight]
> ```
> :::

Reviewer 2: Quick question: Is there a certain reason to not use this Config capability?
```suggestion
Turn it on by setting the log level <Config Java>com.sap.cds.properties = DEBUG</Config>.

```
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/baf68ccb-b9f3-4270-831e-15502677e339)

Author: no, I wasn't aware of that option. 

(sorry for the delayed response, I was on vacation)
